🌱 Allow backport for experimental features (#8293)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Improvements to CI signal
- Improvements to the test framework

> While we recommend to target following type of changes to the next minor release, CAPI maintainers will also consider

Reviewer: IMO we're not going to come to a wording here that can really define what kinds of changes are "small" or  "limited and well-scoped". 

I liked the idea of needing X number of maintainers - I think @CecileRobertMichon mentioned 2 on the community meeting - so we have some guardrails on what counts as limited in scope. That gives a clear responsibility for who interprets "limited" etc.

Another idea is to have these backports communicated in the community meeting which will raise visibility of how often they're happening - similar to features which impact providers being announced in the CAPI community meeting.

Author: @CecileRobertMichon @killianmuldoon I have rephrased stating that lgtm from two maintainers is required, PTAL

> While we recommend to target following type of changes to the next minor release, CAPI maintainers will also consider allowing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While we recommend to target following type of changes to the next minor release, CAPI maintainers will also consider exceptions for backport of following changes only to the latest supported branch:
```

backport of following changes only to the latest supported branch:

> - Small enhancements or additions to experimental Cluster API features, with the goal of allowing faster adoption and iteration;

Reviewer 2: "Small" is subjective, what is considered a "small" change?

Author: Dropped small; I think that what is written after about the focus on stability on the release branch and the impact of those backports being "limited and well-scoped" already conveys the key points
